[Music] She
said it here She said it here Have you
seen She saw the sign that I
put up and I don't give a damn
and I don't give a damn and I don't give a damn I put up but
3000 likes No man out of 3000 2500 Hey
with the wonderful moderators
that are here I already know them all
Well they are almost all girls they are the ones that
are green not with a cucumber or rather
with a pepper we have 15 minutes we have to
start the pump and we have to
comment on Diego Arrabal and
Antonio I saw that I have not understood anyone Are you
going to tell me well don't believe it
Well then I'm very spontaneous
Don't believe it Let's see something I can tell you
in fact and I spoke today talk to
Diego And such But but I am very spontaneous
and it's not that I'm very informed I
'm a little bald bald baldness with
that subject what is
happening to them because they have
fought let's see what we have all seen that
yes it is true that I am there I am not
going to put the universe of moderators but
yes when I read it I said mother
mine is what is going to happen here that
Diego Arrabal said that he was
disappointed by Antonio David among
other things for something he
supposedly said in Antonio David's last live stream
that I don't know if it is because I
fell asleep or I did but it is not
that they had it too well
then to find out Beyond what
Antonio David said in the live stream
I called Diego today, I mean I
sent him an audio and such And he said
because I have a relationship with him And such But he
said that he did not want to comment
Beyond what he had said in the tweet
regarding this matter and we talked
that he did not want the waters to be
a little heated and that he wanted a little
peace and love So I don't either because
yes it is true that we have seen that
Diego has defended him because during all
this time he has defended the position a little
and such So I sincerely
be honest with you I have not seen the live stream If
someone can say it here because I have
not seen in what
Antonio David has supposedly said about Diego
why Diego bothers him so much I
do not know If someone can I started
looking for that part that in the end
or  something like that in the end the part that I saw of
Anthony's live that I think was the
most relevant not the most powerful is the
issue of the medical report this
a kiss my beautiful queen but I
put it on
and I didn't find that they talked about
Diego where I think the
shots are going and let's see the people of the chassis
correct me or not where I think
the shots are going is that
the other day I say arrabal gave an
exclusive saying that the neighborhood where
Antonio and Marta have rented their new apartment
the neighbors don't want them there
okay they don't want them there because of
what man do you want it didn't have
such media-savvy people
Telecinco No well they make you have
the press there all day long the
cameras recording the street and such And
apparently well no they don't like it no and I think I
imagine I haven't
found this anymore But I imagine that Antonio
David
will have denied that information and such And
at that moment the chat would be
messing with Diego and Antonio well he doesn't even
know it's not the explanation that I
find one thing Antonio David yes it
's true that you can't lie about that either
because what he says supposedly
that I don't know if I say it has been told
like that it will be He can't deny what
I understand what the neighborhood says
the neighborhood has spoken with Diego
will be free to say Hey well I
understand yes it's true that when
people who don't go around there are
telling me people
that normally when famous people
move to a neighborhood so exposed so
mediatically they don't usually like it I don't know from
experience too eh but it
has its logic it has its explanation it's
respectable Ah okay he was saying let's see he said that he
had insulted the chat but he didn't see
that they also did it with the same one with
Marta with almost 1000 people it's
impossible to moderate like he was throwing a
little that I also read it in the tweet not
the responsibility of the moderators not
for not stopping that but I do understand that
there also the
moderators that go with Ten thousand people
as you can't be at everything no and
enough work to do altruistically it
seems brutal to me 10,000 people is
impossible he's sending me an audio
Peppa let's let's listen
to see if it's the explanation
the subject  of Antonio David with Diego Rabal
is that
when Antonio starts the live he says
that please the colleagues wait at
least a day to give
exclusives of the live and in this that
people in the chat start saying that
this Diego Sabal was already putting the
live of Antonio David
and then people will start to protest
about Diego in the chat of Antonio David What
happens that this Diego Barrabal has
blamed the moderators And in this
case one of the moderators who
night
owl angered enormously And even what does she think
Thank you Pepa okay it's that and Jorge you can't
be up to date with absolutely everything
in this life it's not worth it of course or rather
but really So why Diego
because he hasn't told me he
told me that he didn't want to kill more
explanations on the subject I have
the audio around here and why then why does
Diego's direct disappointment with
Antonio David come about on that specific matter I
understand I understand In any case the
moment of heat to see the subject I don't
know I mean I don't know if it will be something
I don't know how it works well
I don't know every time I know more about the
world of YouTube in terms of conflicts
that is  a little bit I don't know if it's a little bit like
TV to feed a little bit but I'm going
to tell the truth about what I think okay I
think Diego wanted to
challenge Antonia and in a moment of
heat in a moment when he got piqued he
wanted to kind of challenge her with
that tweet not so that people would recriminate him it backfired let's
see on both sides because here I understand
all the sides okay
we discussed this because Albert
Albert also said something similar no Ah there are
people who let's see this also happened
a controversy it seemed precisely these
days with the Dallas video
one thing let's see I understand both
positions okay on YouTube I can take it
right now and that with everyone who
creates a YouTube channel they sign the
terms okay on YouTube I can take it right now
if suddenly Enrique right now
uploads some news I can take it
right now here on live and I watch it
and I put the video here Enrique yes I
am doing it respecting the rules of
legitimate use which are very simple the
rules of legitimate use is that the
content is not uploaded as is, that
is to say that it has modifications, well be that
they are  put in a window that
has a mirror mode that is
playing it and above all that they do not use
more than necessary, okay, or for
example, Imagine that I take Diego
Arrabala here, now he uploads a 30-
minute video that he has worked hard on and now I
take, I say, let's watch Diego's video
and I sit here and eat some cereal,
that you are contributing to the content, that
you are stopping each comment as
we have done with the
Instagram stories but with a video these
phrases mean over here, well, I'm
going to add this clip. Well, I don't know what.
I think that the concept of fair use
is not that complicated to understand, it is
that you are creating another content
as a result of transforming the other, okay, that is
the YouTube law. Now, I understand
that if it is a video, thank you very much,
Ins. I understand that if it is a
very, very, very elaborate video that takes a
week of work, like what happened with
this Dallas video or like, for example, what happened
with the YouTube rewin, you know what the rewin is,
the Hispanic rewin, which is a day,
like a compilation for the moment  They
are videos that require a lot of investment in
both money and work,
script, production and things. Okay, so let's
see, I understand that if it's a
video like that,
you don't just take it
up and go live at the same time that it's uploaded because you
're stealing a few
views, okay.
I usually always when I see a
video, apart from the fact that I'm watching it,
I'm promoting it and nobody blames us for
anything, but it's a
reality. So it's Javier Oliveira
watching a video from another colleague, it's
giving him visibility.
This is how it is, okay, objectively. And
then, whether you like it or not, you also
benefit from Javier Oliveira giving you your
such and you, which one not, but man. I think it
falls within the context and the way that
each one does things,
okay, let's
see if it's a news video,
imagine a video that was just
uploaded 15 minutes ago and is giving an
exclusive, damn it. Well, if
half an hour or a couple of hours have passed
since it was uploaded and now suddenly he
asks me to go live and uploads it and I
see it, damn, there's nothing wrong with that, dude.  I'm
not taking anything away from you or anything, so
what Antonio David said the other day,
I understand it as if he means
not to take a partner and in the same
live while the indirect one is on or
just he finishes the live and
uploads all the videos broken down from the
live and that it takes away the grace of
people going to see it on his channel
because they're going to see it on
Javier Canino's Channel, I understand that those are the
cool ones but man, if within the whole
live you take in the morning and
upload a video commenting for example about the
suicide attempt, you even put a
click of the Anthony video, man, I
understand that you can't complain about that, man. Of
course, I understand that you can't
complain about that and of course if what
Pepa is telling me is that Antonio
David was live and automatically Diego
was broadcasting,
it's true, and for
a few seconds, nothing happens either, in all
honesty, eh, if it's for a few seconds, nothing
happens either, let's see, it depends, of course, what
I put and what I took away and what it
harmed, the question of legitimate use,
above all, is that you don't harm the
original content So you're not going to
[ __ ] off and put the video and then
people aren't going to see the
original video Okay, says Tesa Diego cut the
audio at specific times, he didn't cut the
live Well, he did cut the audio at
specific times because he was giving
some important news let's see if I
'm right if I'm the vanguard And
if I'm reading I'm not going to [ __ ] off and I'm
going to wait 48 hours to give the
news each one no no no I'm going to
tell you one thing I saw the live
obviously to make news and I
published it at the moment no but in fact it suits
him because I inserted him I
inserted the video and that's what people read, they get into it I mean I
want to tell you the other way around it suits him
not the same as on YouTube
no, I understand that that can
steal views or so Understand me It depends on
how I do it I try to do it in the
best way possible even I think and You're
going to allow it but I think that I
think that I benefit okay I think Maybe I
'm being an [ __ ] but let's see
honestly [ __ ] I think I do it
in a  what a benefit to subscribe to
Antonio David's Channel go to the
original live and watch it in its entirety give it a like what do you
think about this what do you think about that I don't
contribute I don't contribute nonsense to what he's
talking about but I usually contribute a
vision
[Music]
of what he's talking about you know what I'm
telling you that there are people who maybe
the client Antonio David puts you up and he's not
telling you [ __ ] He
simply puts you up the client Antonio
Vila I go into another one and the greeting
subscribe and [ __ ] off you've
stolen his content I mean it's not that you
do it or you don't do it Marina that's the way already already already
I'm that this but one thing
Antonio David I don't invite or I don't challenge How to
make a debate between youtubers or
what has become of what has that
thing become well that hasn't been accepted by all the
colleagues
The colleagues have not accepted
therefore he has done it to us and that's it I mean let's see I
understand Antonio's position I saw that he will
refer to certain ways of doing it
because if he refers to no one taking a
click from him or no one giving the news about
him until 48 hours man that can't
be that  Well, I asked no one but come on, I think
that doesn't cross your mind
because they're crazy. Of course not, we're not
going, it doesn't make sense. I
understand that it refers to the forms, not
to you taking the two
important minutes of the live show, you put the
click and your video lasts three minutes, damn it, it's
blown up there maybe
40,000 visits. Well, in fact, I'll
tell you one thing, you have commented, or rather, you
have highlighted the subject, which is what I do believe
is the most outstanding thing about the
subject, what Antonio David comments on about the
dizziness, about the suicide attempt and I.
However, I titled the subject because Antonio
David announced that Marta is at risk and they are going to
send Jorge Javier, which
surprised me that Antonio David announced it
and that Marta herself didn't do it
and well, and he saying that he was also
going to do it, of course, because they
asked him. You're also going to do it and
he said, do you doubt it or something like that because, in
addition, I saw it because I was
writing at the same time, but still, let's see,
honestly,
I am with Marta on that, but I have already
said it a thousand times, no, but of course, let's
see, don't you  I see a lot of progress in the
type of complaint that is being
talked about, which is not that it has
been 100% specified yet,
man, I don't know, a labor one, maybe I don't
know, honestly. But well, that is a
separate issue. But regarding the issue of
Diego, it seems that Diego complained about
the moderators. Antonio David was not
seeing the chat. I mean, he was seeing the
chat yet, he is not reading
at the same time. A kiss. Loli
Antonia had seen some message. And such.
But you are not responsible and I am going to
say it from here to make it clear
because I understand that with this
content and a lot of new people
coming
to the internet, okay,
but the one who has it
clear and everything, both viewers and
colleagues and the people who are
giving their opinion on the subject, we are not
responsible for what
the 5,300 people
in the chat are talking about right now. I am not responsible nor
can I prevent some crazy person from coming and
putting you there. Antonio David, you are an
abuser, better your girlfriend, you
understand what I do. We are not
live, I cannot control. Yes, I
can take for example and if they send me
a super chat that says  that nonsense
here for example because it is not automatic
no then here for example before
putting it on screen I do not I do not read them
because I am looking at the colors out of the corner of my eye
but yes it is true that maybe I
can often
stop it there are times that maybe I
put it [ __ ] ideas too late and I have not
read it but for example in the
little one that I do the live shows with the
other program they jump automatically The
Super chats that thank you very much love
my a kiss but
the most I can do if a
super chat jumps insulting someone Marina is the
moderators ban it Hey but yes
here for example has he ever sent you
a super chat insulting
on TV gossip from memory I don't remember
in the truck yes it has happened and I do what
is in my power which is to scold him
remind people not to even think that
that is not allowed on
my channel and moderators ban him okay
but of course if Diego is referring to the
chat or rather not to a super chat but
to the chat [ __ ] let's see the moderators are
human within what within what does not
happen every  so much but many times
Marina it doesn't take away from me that
an enemy of mine is doing that on
purpose to say look look Javi
what he allows
maybe is not someone from my community
Maybe it comes from outside that you
are doing it precisely to give me a
bad image I can't control that not
even the moderators the most you can
do is whatever they catch he is finishing it off that's
why I tell you that what I have not
understood is That I suppose I don't know no I don't
know when Diego is going to do it live I don't know
if he will announce it live for this week or
well maybe whatever but what
has surprised me is the
disappointment Well if it is in reference to
this directly with Antonio David no
because in the end it is what we are
saying that
he is not responsible for
what is said in the chat No of course
directly to him because I have not been able to see the
three hours So you don't know either but
here let's see that I don't know maybe
still quite Boomer no but here
or he is not understanding how
YouTube works and how the internet works or the or
the I have tried to throw there for a while with
Antonio David a course to see how
it went and the  it came out frog it
's like if you are responsible Marina de I
mean you imagine we are not going to we are going to
transfer this to the to the
written press the reason or we are going to
transfer it to any
television program what you have is that the chat
and the feedback from the public you do not have it
there in situ like here okay Here we have
the Chain if you things here on
TV like that man the media have little eyes
I for example I publish a
news story and I see the amount of people who
are reading it the feedback Yes yes I see it Of
course but what people are
commenting no no on Twitter Okay so
imagine that someone holds you
responsible for what a
Twitter user has written to Brbara Rey
for the article that you have written come on
you are not the father of the
people evidently not but no no already
another thing
are certain contexts that Antonio David
has caused it on purpose
you know that no that Diego has slipped that he
has made a mistake and that I hope he has
understood my explanation and that he
corrects it
[Music]